add release post for tune 1.2.0 (#690)
tidyverse/tidyverse.org: content/blog/tune-1-2-0/index.Rmd

```

Note that the output has the same number of rows as the `collect_metrics()` output: one for each unique pair of metric and workflow.

This is very helpful for validation sets. Other resampling methods generate replicated performance statistics. We can compute simple interval estimates using the mean and standard error for those. Validation sets produce only one estimate, and these bootstrap methods are probably the best option for obtaining interval estimates. 

## Relocation of ellipses

We've made a **breaking change** in argument order for several functions in the package (and downstream packages like finetune and workflowsets). Ellipses (...) are now used consistently in the package to require optional arguments to be named. For functions that previously had unused ellipses at the end of the function signature, they have been moved to follow the last argument without a default value, and several other functions that previously did not have ellipses in their signatures gained them. This applies to methods for `augment()`, `collect_predictions()`, `collect_metrics()`, `select_best()`, `show_best()`, and `conf_mat_resampled()`.

## Compute new metrics without re-fitting

> We also added a new function, [`compute_metrics()`](https://tune.tidymodels.org/dev/reference/compute_metrics.html), that allows for calculating metric values for metrics that were not used when evaluating against resamples. For example, consider our `xgb_res` object. Since we didn't supply any metrics to evaluate, and this model is a regression model, tidymodels selected Root Mean Squared Error and R-Squared as defaults:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've also added a new function, [`compute_metrics()`](https://tune.tidymodels.org/dev/reference/compute_metrics.html), that allows for calculating metrics that were not used when evaluating against resamples. For example, consider our `xgb_res` object. Since we didn't supply any metrics to evaluate, and this model is a regression model, tidymodels selected Root Mean Squared Error and R-Squared as defaults:
```

```{r}
#| label: xgb-res-metrics-head
collect_metrics(xgb_res)
```

In the past, if you wanted to evaluate that workflow against a performance metric that you hadn't included in your `tune_grid()` run, you'd need to re-run `tune_grid()`, fitting models and predicting new values all over again. Now, using the `compute_metrics()` function, you can use the `tune_grid()` output you've already generated and compute any number of new metrics without having to fit any more models as long as you use the control option `save_pred = TRUE` when tuning.

So, say I want to additionally calculate Huber Loss and Mean Absolute Percent Error. I just pass those metrics along with the tuning result to `compute_metrics()`, and the result looks just like `collect_metrics()` output for the metrics originally calculated:

```{r}
#| label: compute-metrics
compute_metrics(xgb_res, metric_set(huber_loss, mape))
```

> ## Easily reshape resampled metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Easily pivot resampled metrics
```

"reshape" makes me think of reshape2 while "pivot" makes me think of dpylr

```{r}
#| label: collect-metrics-wide
collect_metrics(xgb_res, type = "wide")
```

Under the hood, this is indeed just a `pivot_wider()` call. We've found that it's time-consuming and error-prone to programmatically determine identifying columns when pivoting resampled metrics, so we've localized and thoroughly tested the code that we use to do so with this feature.

## More love for the Brier score

Tuning and resampling functions use default metrics when the user does not specify a custom metric set. For regression models, these are RMSE and R<sup>2</sup>. For classification, accuracy and the area under the ROC curve _were_ the default. We’ve also added the [Brier score](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brier_score) to the default classification metric list. 

## Acknowledgements

> 

Reviewer: I think this usually gets a sentence saying thank you, rather than directly the names/github handles.
